double operator changed to single for MAEFilterStates (#86)
insightsengineering/teal.slice: NEWS.md

* The filtered data is now stored in `FilteredData` not `FilteredDataset`.
* The join keys stored inside `FilteredData` are now `JoinKeys` objects.
* Updated `get_filter_state` to return a list of active filter states and an attribute with the character form of the filter states.

> * In `FilterStates`, `varlabels` are now described as character vector, also removed usage of `||` to accomodate for vector input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `get_varlabels` method in the `FilterStates` classes, accepts a vector input.
```

Author: ok

# Bug fixes

* Fixed a bug when the filter panel overview would not refresh if the panel was hidden during a transition between active modules.

> * Fixed a bug where `varlabels` were assumed to be a character in `FilterStates` (now it is a character vector) and a `||` was used.

Reviewer: In my opinion it is an enhancement not a bug fix as the method was working properly under the defined in documentation usage.

Author: moved to info part
